# Project1 <br>

#### How does the World Happiness Index compare with other important socio, economic and political metrics? <br>
<br>
Presenation Slide Deck: <br>

> https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1Dm24GYk-pw-OfteBOj_o79aqLdbwV4oixEqidJHzRZI/edit?usp=sharing <br>
<br>
Team Members: <br>

> Di Gibson, Hanah Kwon, Hari Somayajula, Kawanda Gray, Ramirra Marshall, Ricardo Mora <br>

<br> <br>
Happiness Data is compiled in the current folder using the following jupyter notebooks: <br>
* GeWhRData.ipynb - Consolidates data across years and creates a single excel file in the folder WHRData  to be used for analysis.
* WHR_CountryCleanup.ipynb - Cleans and standardizes country data in the happiness filed generated by the above.
<br> <br> <br>

The factors which are analyzed for a relationship with the World Happiness Index are contained in their own subsequent folders: <br>

*Internet Usage:* <br>
> WHI_and_internet_Usage/InternetuseAnalysis.ipynb -> Compares the World Happiness Index to the percent of the population using the Internet. <br>

*Latitiude & Longitude:* <br>
> Long_lat/Project 1 - World Happiness Long & Lat.ipynb ->  Explores possible correlations between happiness and a country's hemisphere location. <br>

*CO2 Emissions & Consumption:* <br>
> CO2 Emissions Analysis/CO2 Emissions.ipynb -> Analyzes relationship CO2 Emissions and Consumption  and World Happiness Index. <br>

*Population Density:* <br>
> population density/Project 1_PopulationvsHappinessData.ipynb -> Analyzes relationship between Population density and World Happiness Index. <br>

*Water Supply & Sanitation:* <br>
> watersanitation/waterSanitationVsWHI.ipynb -> Analyzes relationship between Water Supply & Sanitation with World Happiness Index. <br>

*Consumer Food Prices:* <br>
> Consumer Price Index Analysis/WHIvsFoodPrices.ipynb -> Analyzes relationship between Consumer Food Prices and World Happiness Index. <br>

*Governance Metrics:* <br>
> Governance Metrics Analysis/HappinessIndexVsGovernanceMetrics.ipynb -> Analyzes relationship between Governance Metrics and World Happiness Index. <br>
